Improve tagged domain handling in support of Split Horizon feature (#3444)
StackExchange/dnscontrol: documentation/language-reference/top-level-functions/D.md

six months? You get the idea.

DNSControl command line flag `--domains` matches the full name (with the "!").  If you

> define domains `example.com!george`, `example.com!paul` and `example.com!john` then:

Reviewer: As a Beatles fan, I request the ordering be !john then !paul then !george.

```suggestion
define domains `example.com!john`, `example.com!paul` and `example.com!george` then:
```

Author: Of course. I don't know what I was thinking

> * `--domains=example.com` will not match either domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--domains=example.com` will not match any of the three.
```

> * `--domains='example.com!george'` will match only match the first.

Reviewer: minor nit: Change 'first' to 'george'
